How come?
Did Mr. Li confiscate it?
More than confiscation
I didn't even see Mr. Li's face
This Chen Zhiguo
Say Mr. Li?
I don't like the dawn life at all now
Yes, I heard that Mr. Li's office
The words of the secret master
Maybe he doesn't like it now.
What to do then?
This is our family spending more than 20 million
It was photographed.
It's all your fault, that dead girl from the euro
Random gold medals at a gold medal meeting
It cost our family so much money
I don't know about the euro.
What did you do?
Offended Mr. Li
When I mentioned Ou Yan
This Chen Chazhu is furious
And kicked me out of the company
Are you angry?
You have to take care of their rotten girl
But Mr. Li doesn't see me anymore
What should I do if I can't be envious?
actually
It's not impossible.
Tomorrow is Madam Li's birthday banquet
Mr. Li will definitely attend
The most important thing to leave home is filial piety
As long as you make Mrs. Li happy
Then the cooperation will definitely win
But we don't have an invitation letter.
I'll handle the invitation letter
Who wants uncle to take the project?
Don't forget the high and low.
Gui Xiaohao
Not this time, right?
You and Yaoyao are married
We are family
Yes
The family just now, brother, thank you.
yang yang
This is what I should do.
Miss Euro is so beautiful
I'm afraid someone who will come close to home in the future
I'm going to step on the threshold
Aunt Lan, you're making fun of me again
I'm telling the truth.
Miss Liu is naturally beautiful
It's like a fairy
But those people are simply blind
I still have the heart to bully you
But wait
Today, the old lady is at the birthday banquet
Announced your identity
No one will dare to bully you again
Miss Liu, sorry to bother you.
Hello, big brother and little sister, have you packed up?
Big brother will come back to pick you up
No need, just send me there to study at night
Well, then you'll hear it too